Add language.countryList metadata for PhoneFactor (#91238)
Azure/azure-content: articles/active-directory-b2c/phone-factor-technical-profile.md

| ManualPhoneNumberEntryAllowed| No | Specify whether or not a user is allowed to manually enter a phone number. Possible values: `true`, or `false` (default).|
| setting.authenticationMode | No | The method to validate the phone number. Possible values: `sms`, `phone`, or `mixed` (default).|
| setting.autodial| No| Specify whether the technical profile should auto dial or auto send an SMS. Possible values: `true`, or `false` (default). Auto dial requires the `setting.authenticationMode` metadata be set to `sms`, or `phone`. The input claims collection must have a single phone number. |

> | language.countryList| No| A `CDATA` formatted string that defines the country display name and country code to be used when manually entering a phone number that includes a country code. A sample of the `CDATA` element would be: `<![CDATA[{"US": "United States","ES": "Spain", "IN": "India"}]]>`. The order of the `CDATA` elements reflects the order in the UI. Use this only if localization is not needed. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| language.countryList| No| A `CDATA` formatted string that defines the country display name and country code. It's used when the user manually enters a phone number that includes a country code. A sample of the `CDATA` element would be: `<![CDATA[{"US": "United States","ES": "Spain", "IN": "India"}]]>`. The order of the `CDATA` elements reflects the order in the UI. Use this only if localization is not needed. |
```

Reviewer: @DavidHoerster 
Did you see my suggested changes?
